First draft security manager faq (#77)
jupyter/security: docs/security_manager_faq.md

### Security Manager Role FAQ

- What permissions does a security manager have?
	- As per the [Github documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/organizations/managing-peoples-access-to-your-organization-with-roles/managing-security-managers-in-your-organization)the security manager role has:
		- Read access on all repositories in the organization, in addition to any existing repository access
		- Write access on all security alerts in the organization
		- The ability to configure code security settings at the organization level
		- The ability to configure code security settings at the repository level
	- Someone in the `security manager` team role cannot manage the security team members

- How can the security manager permission be granted?
	- An organization owner can create and manage a `security-managers` team.
	- See [how to create a Github team](https://docs.github.com/en/organizations/organizing-members-into-teams/creating-a-team)

- Who should have the Security Manager role?

> 	- Trusted members of the security-council team who may be required to audit security across various Jupyter subprojects.

Reviewer: Would be good to link to the list of members of this team when it's available

Reviewer 2: Also  I think the current list is here:https://github.com/jupyter/security/blob/main/README.md?plain=1#L10-L15

- What does the Security Manager role accomplish? 

> 	- The security manager role will give trusted members of the Jupyter Security council the permissions necessary so that they may collaborate with Jupyter sub-project maintainers in evaluating, processing and handling security across Jupyter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- The security manager role will give [members of the Jupyter Security council](https://github.com/jupyter/security/blob/main/README.md#jupyter-security-subproject-council) the permissions necessary so that they may collaborate with Jupyter sub-project maintainers in evaluating, processing and handling security across Jupyter.
```
I don't know if there's a better link to the list of members? I've removed _trusted_ because it kind of implies there are also _untrusted_ members which there obviously aren't!
